README.md, before:

# ReStockr

This README is a work in progress 🛠️

**ReStockr** is a smart shopping list PWA built with React and Vite. It helps you track the products you regularly buy and helps you add them to your shopping list when you run out.

---

## 📸 Demo

Coming soon...
I just started working on it 😅

---

## ✨ Features

- Add your regular grocery items
- Mark items as “bought” and “out”
- Auto-populate weekly shopping list with items you’re out of
- Mobile-friendly and installable as a PWA
- Fast and offline-ready with Vite + PWA

---

## 🧠 Motivation

I always forget to buy one or two things at the store. ReStockr is a tool to help track and refill essentials automatically — no memory required.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [vite-plugin-pwa](https://vite-pwa-org.netlify.app/)

---

## 📦 Getting Started

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/PriapusZeGod/Restockr.git
cd Restockr

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run the dev server
npm run dev

Commit message:

created Figma wireframes and added them in the README

README.md, after:

# ReStockr

This README is a work in progress 🛠️

**ReStockr** is a smart shopping list PWA built with React and Vite. It helps you track the products you regularly buy and helps you add them to your shopping list when you run out.

---

## 🖼️ Wireframes

### 📋 To Buy List View
![To Buy List](./UX/Figma/WireFrames/Buy_Items_View.png)

### ➕ Add Items View
![Add Items](./UX/Figma/WireFrames/Add_Items_View.png)


---

## ✨ Features

- Add your regular grocery items
- Mark items as “bought” and “out”
- Auto-populate weekly shopping list with items you’re out of
- Mobile-friendly and installable as a PWA
- Fast and offline-ready with Vite + PWA

---

## 🧠 Motivation

I always forget to buy one or two things at the store. ReStockr is a tool to help track and refill essentials automatically — no memory required.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [vite-plugin-pwa](https://vite-pwa-org.netlify.app/)

---

## 📦 Getting Started

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/PriapusZeGod/Restockr.git
cd Restockr

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run the dev server
npm run dev
